Now, let's talk about today about unity a little bit because oftentimes when people refer to the others,
they reveal their biases. Often they want to demonstrate distance.
Jesus on the contrary here in John chapter 10 verse 16
uses the term
other sheep in connection with unity. Let's read it, John chapter 10 verse 16.
Jesus says here and I have other sheep which are not of this fold.
Those two I must bring in and they will listen to my voice and they will become one flock,
one shepherd. So the anointed and those with the hope of living forever on earth are united.
Let us talk therefore about unity, unity and the memorial. And we'd like to address the
following questions. Why is unity so precious for us personally? What are enemies
into our unity and then as a third question, how will attending the memorial help us to maintain
our unity? So why is unity so precious for us personally? I guess we all treasure the harmony
in our family that comes from applying God's direction. The unity in the congregation and
in Jehovah's organization as a whole makes us feel secure and protected. We receive comfort
and encouragement because we feel comfortable to open up. We do not fear that somebody would take
advantage of our vulnerable state. In Psalm 122 this precious unity is described and illustrated.
Let us read this in Psalm 122 verse 3. Jerusalem is built as a city that is joined together as one.
The houses in Jerusalem were built close together forming a compact and easy to defend city.
This made it possible for the inhabitants to help and protect one another.
In other words, the unity we enjoy is the frame in which we can flourish and succeed. Isn't this unity
very valuable and precious to us? Yes. And we don't take it for granted. Now unfortunately,
there this unity is fragile. Why? Because there are enemies. What are these enemies that
us our equation number two? Now first of all, there is Satan. He was able to destroy the unity that
existed between humans and Jehovah. And he still does not want us to succeed personally or as a group.
Since his frontal attacks have not been successful, he tries it from within by employing all kinds
of cunning. For example, decades ago the state secret police in one country launched heavy
attacks on different responsible brothers. By means of fake letters, these brothers were accused
of being drunkards, adulterers and traders. In another country, the secret police produced
falsified copies of the watchtower by twisting the content so as to serve Satan's purpose.
Satan will continue to employ similar tactics in the future in effort to destroy our precious
unity. And today, he even has modern technology at his disposal. Now the second enemy is the world.
We live in Satan's world and we cannot avoid being exposed to its spirit. It's a spirit of
independence and spirit that often promotes so-called diversity that is abhorrent. Anything goes.
And tolerance has been redefined. The new tolerance means believing another person's position
is as valid or acceptable as your own. So it's not enough anymore to just acknowledge the
existence of different views, but you have to accept the different views themselves. Since we live
in this world, you can easily see that there exists the danger that its spirit affects our precious
unity. Now, what about enemy number three? Enemy number three are we ourselves. How can it be
that we who treasure unity so much endanger it at the same time? Now, it's because we are imperfect
and our mistakes can lead to division. For instance, Jehovah created us with the whole
sum inclination to take care of ourselves. Now, unfortunately, however, there's this tendency within
us to go overboard with it and so pride and egotism can develop and can easily disturb unity.
Now, this brings us to our final question. How will attending this year's memorial help us to
maintain our precious unity? Now, attending our memorial certainly demonstrates our full support
of the anointed remnant. The unity between the two groups was prophetically pictured in
Sekariah chapter 8. As we read Sekariah chapter 8 verse 23, please note how close these two groups
are. This is Sekariah 8 verse 23. This is what Jehovah of Army says,
In those days, 10 men out of all the languages of the nations will take hold. Yes,
they will take firm hold of the rope of a Jew saying, we want to go with you,
for we have heard that God is with you people. Taking a firm hold of the rope and the desire to go
together is a clear sign of unity. The members of the other sheep are proud to associate with the
anointed ones knowing that Jehovah is blessing them. So even though in our congregation there may
not be one of the anointed ones, we are observing the memorial shoulder to shoulder with them.
This renews our determination not to fall prey to any of the tactics of Satan's. That is why we
feed exclusively at Jehovah's table. No matter what sensational stories are being told or written
about or aired via social media platforms, we fully trust and support the governing body
directed by Jesus. Now, how does attending the memorial help us to protect our unity against the
spirit of the world? Now, we will focus on the ransom. Jesus died for those who put faith in him
and live according to Jehovah's will. This separates us from those who live according to their own
personal preferences. And it's not true that reflecting on Jesus' ransom helps us to set the right
priorities. We put our own interest and desires in second place. We submit to Jehovah's will.
This is our first priority. This is the key for maintaining our unity.
Additionally, during the memorial, we focus on Jehovah's main quality of love.
Out of love, Jehovah provided the ransom sacrifice. Out of love, Jesus paved the way
to forgiveness of our sins. Love is a perfect bond of union, according to Colossians 3, verse 14.
Love has the power to create unity. The unity between Jehovah and Jesus is the greatest example.
And we want to maintain the same unity today. Therefore, we fight selfish tendencies. For
example, we prove our love by our generosity and practical help. We do not spread rumor or gossip,
but protect one another. By doing so, we keep the damaging effects of our imperfect personality
on the control. So in summary, our unity is truly special and precious and we are protected. We
all have the responsibility to defend our unity against the influences of Satan, the world,
and our imperfect personalities. Attending the memorial will be a special opportunity
to demonstrate full trust and support for the anointed remnant. We will be motivated to continue
submitting to Jehovah's will and imitating Jehovah's and Jesus' love.